.TH WORKFLOW-MANAGER 1 "April 2026" "workflow-manager" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
workflow-manager \- run markdown or json workflows from the CLI
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B workflow-manager
.I command
[options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
workflow-manager parses a workflow definition file, validates it, and executes
it with deterministic in-memory orchestration.

Workflow files can be Markdown with YAML frontmatter or JSON.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B questions
Print discovery questions used to design a workflow.
.TP
.B scaffold [path] [--format markdown|json]
Create a starter workflow file. Format defaults to markdown unless the output
path ends in .json.
.TP
.B validate <workflow.md|workflow.json>
Validate workflow structure and report schema errors.
.TP
.B run <workflow.md|workflow.json> [--input input.json] [--objective text] [--confirm list] [--auto-confirm-all]
Run the workflow and print a JSON result with events and per-step outputs.
.TP
.B man
Open this man page.
.SH RUN OPTIONS
.TP
.B --input <path>
JSON file merged into global workflow input state.
.TP
.B --objective <text>
Override the default run objective.
.TP
.B --confirm <stepA,stepB:human,...>
Provide explicit confirmations for steps that require validation.
.TP
.B --auto-confirm-all
Bypass confirmation gating for all steps.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Validate markdown workflow:
.B workflow-manager validate ./example-workflow.md
.TP
Validate json workflow:
.B workflow-manager validate ./example-workflow.json
.TP
Scaffold json workflow file:
.B workflow-manager scaffold ./new-workflow.json --format json
.TP
Run with explicit confirmations:
.B workflow-manager run ./example-workflow.json --confirm discover:human,qa_gate:human
.SH FILES
.TP
.B man/workflow-manager.1
The manual page source shipped with this repository.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Successful command execution.
.TP
.B 1
Validation or runtime error.
.TP
.B 2
Run completed in non-success terminal status.
